x-pack/metricbeat/module/azure: fix authentication on sovereign clouds (#52175)
elastic/beats: x-pack/metricbeat/module/azure/_meta/docs.md

The azure credentials keys can be used if configured `AZURE_CLIENT_ID`, `AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET`, `AZURE_TENANT_ID`, `AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID`

`resource_manager_endpoint`
:   *string* Optional, by default the Azure public cloud is used. Set it to the resource manager endpoint of a sovereign cloud to target that environment; the module automatically derives the matching token audiences for all Azure APIs (including the metrics batch API) from this value for Azure Public, Azure US Government, and Azure China. Ex: [https://management.azure.com/](https://management.azure.com/) for Azure Public, [https://management.usgovcloudapi.net/](https://management.usgovcloudapi.net/) for Azure US Government, [https://management.chinacloudapi.cn/](https://management.chinacloudapi.cn/) for Azure China. The legacy Azure Germany endpoint [https://management.microsoftazure.de/](https://management.microsoftazure.de/) remains accepted for compatibility when `resource_manager_audience` is configured explicitly.

`active_directory_endpoint`

> :   *string* Optional, by default the Microsoft Entra ID (formerly Azure Active Directory) endpoint associated with the resource manager endpoint is used, to override, users can provide a specific endpoint. Ex: [https://login.microsoftonline.com/](https://login.microsoftonline.com/) for Azure Public, [https://login.microsoftonline.us/](https://login.microsoftonline.us/) for Azure US Government, [https://login.chinacloudapi.cn/](https://login.chinacloudapi.cn/) for Azure China.

Reviewer: Is the legacy Azure Germany accepted for this endpoint as well? If so, consider mentioning it explicitly.

Author: It seems that the Azure Germany has been discontinued, and if it's confirmed, I prefer to remove these references in a dedicated PR.

`resource_manager_audience`

> :   *string* Optional. The token audience for the resource manager API is derived automatically from `resource_manager_endpoint` for the Azure public, US Government, and China clouds, so this option is not needed for those environments. If it is already configured for one of these clouds, remove it so the module can select the correct audience. In particular, the resource manager endpoints previously shown as example audience values are not valid token audiences. The derived audiences are `https://management.core.windows.net/` for Azure Public, `https://management.core.usgovcloudapi.net/` for Azure US Government, and `https://management.core.chinacloudapi.cn/` for Azure China. Set this option for non-standard environments, such as Azure Stack or other hybrid cloud models with custom audiences, and for legacy Azure Germany configurations. Ex: [https://management.microsoftazure.de/](https://management.microsoftazure.de/) for legacy Azure Germany. Note that the metrics batch API (`enable_batch_api`) is only available on clouds with a known metrics endpoint and is rejected at startup for custom environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   *string* Optional. The token audience for the Resource Manager API. For Azure Public, US Government, and China clouds, the audience is derived automatically from `resource_manager_endpoint`, so you do not need to set this option for those environments. Set it only for non-standard environments such as Azure Stack, custom hybrid clouds, or legacy Azure Germany. Ex: `https://management.microsoftazure.de/` for legacy Azure Germany.

If this option is already set for a standard cloud, remove it, as the previously documented audience values were incorrect. The metrics batch API (`enable_batch_api`) is not supported for custom environments.
```

It is a bit dense as-is, I tried to make it lighter. Please double-check if I didn't write anything that's not true in the process.
